0. INTRODUCTION
This is a port and cleanup of my bash debugger bashdb
(http://bashdb.sf.net). 

The command syntax generally follows that of the GNU debugger gdb.

However this debugger depends on a number bug fixes and of debugging
support features that are neither part of the POSIX 1003.1 standard
and are not all but the most recent ksh93t releases. In particular, there
are fixes to a number of the .sh variables like .sh.level and .sh.file.

1. SETUP

Although debuggers are useful for novice, right now code setup is not
really but novices. Some assembly is required. 

To get the code, install git and run in a ksh shell:

  git-clone git://github.com/rocky/kshdb.git
  cd kshdb
  ./autogen.sh  # Add configure options. See ./configure --help 

If you've got a suitable ksh93t installed, then
  make && make test

To simplify demonstration/testing there is a little program testing.sh
in the same directory kshdb lives in the source code which gets run
when kshdb is run without any options. so to run this demo code:
  ./kshdb # in the kshdb project

Or try on a real program such as perhaps:
  ./kshdb /etc/profile # substitute /etc/profile with your favorite ksh script

If you are happy (which I doubt), install via:
  sudo make install

and uninstall with 
  sudo make uninstall # ;-)

See INSTALL for generic configure installation instructions.

2. WHAT'S HERE, WHAT'S NOT and WHY NOT

Usually when folks write programs such as a debugger, initially there
will be a number of useful commands minimally done. Since I sort of
know where I want to wind up (somewhere along the lines of bashdb),
initially I've been focusing on the skeleton and framework rather than
the features no matter how useful they may be. So for example, Unit
tests and a some integration tests work, even though there no command
to set breakpoints.

What's missing falls into a two categories:

  * Stuff that can be ported in a straightforward way from bashdb
  * Stuff that needs additional ksh support

Of the things which can be ported in a straight-forward way, however
some of them I want to revise and simplify. In some cases, the fact
that ksh has associative arrays simplifies code. On other cases, the
code I wrote needs refactoring and better modularization.

Writing documentation is important, but an extensive guide will have
to wait. For now one can consult the reference guide that comes with
bashdb: http://bashdb.sf.net/bashdb.html There is some minimal help to
get a list of commands and some help for each.

3. WHAT'S NOT HERE YET IN DETAIL

3.a) Showing frame arguments, subshell nesting in the call stack

Like next, this can done with or without support from ksh, albeit
faster with help from ksh. 

3.b) Setting $0

3.c) lots of other stuff including...

  display expressions, signal handling, invoking the debugger directly
  from a script, command history, command completion.

  None of this is rocket science. Should be pretty straight-forward to
  add.


